## Privacy Policy

Ankur Anant built the CoinCoin app as an Open Source app under [MIT License](https://github.com/anantankur/CoinCoin/blob/master/LICENSE) ([GitHub Repo](https://github.com/anantankur/CoinCoin)). This SERVICE is provided by Ankur Anant at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

**Information Collection and Use**

No data whatsoever is collected by this app.

The app does not uses any third party services.

**Children’s Privacy**

The app is completely offline. 

No personal information is collected from user. 

This app doesnot display any Advertisement to users.

Visuals are children friendly.

The app DOESNOT contain
	1. Any inferences of, references to, or depictions of violence. <br />
	2. pictures or sounds likely to be scary or horrifying. <br />
	3.inferences of, references to, or depictions of sexuality, sexual violence, suggestiveness, revealing attire, or nudity. <br />
	4. gambling, simulations of casino gambling/bingo, or real cash payouts. <br />
	5. any potentially offensive language. <br />
	6. any reference to or use of drugs, alcohol, or tobacco. <br />
	7. any bodily functions such as belching, flatulence, or vomiting when used for humorous purposes. <br />

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at hello@ankuranant.me.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)